Retitle some more goals (#37)
rust-lang/rust-project-goals: src/2024h2/Relaxing-the-Orphan-Rule.md

# Experiment with relaxing the Orphan Rule

| Metadata |                     |
| -------- | ------------------- |
| Owner(s) | ![Help wanted][]    |
| Teams    | [Lang][], [Types][] |
| Status   | WIP                 |

## Summary

> Experimental implementation and draft RFCs related to relaxing orphan rule

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Experimental implementation and draft RFCs to relax the orphan rule
```

## Ownership and other resources

**Owner:** ![Help wanted][]

This section defines the specific work items that are planned and who is expected to do them. It should also include what will be needed from Rust teams.

* Subgoal:
    * Describe the work to be done and use `↳` to mark "subitems".
* Owner(s) or team(s):
    * List the owner for this item (who will do the work) or ![Help wanted][] if an owner is needed.
    * If the item is a "team ask" (i.e., approve an RFC), put ![Team][] and the team name(s).
* Status:
    * List ![Help wanted][] if there is an owner but they need support, for example funding.
    * Other needs (e.g., complete, in FCP, etc) are also fine.

| Subgoal                           | Owner(s) or team(s)      | Status |
| --------------------------------- | ------------------------ | ------ |
| Ownership and implementation      | ![Help wanted][]         |        |
| RFC authoring                     | ![Help wanted][]         |        |

> | Design consultation               | Josh Triplett            |        |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Design consultation/iteration     | Josh Triplett            |        |
```
